I was wronged
Wrong uncle
You scolded me when I came in just now.
Oh, right, even Zhang Yuan brought by Uncle
Changya has been stopping me
Don't let me treat him
Said I was going to murder you
Grandma is wronged
What is wrong with being wronged?
Could it be that what Xiaoyi said is false?
Dean Zhang
You are not good at medicine
I don't blame you.
This is a matter for my Shen family
You can go back.
And you are guilty
Convicted, I am willing to accept punishment
My Shen family is also a big family in Rongdu
Since the company was handed over to you
No progress at all
You useless thing
Built for three months
What are you looking at here?
Get out of here
You go out first
Xiaoyi, grandpa
Did you come back this time to
The matter of pure yang qi in the body
Grandpa, do you remember what the master said?
If you can't find the woman with Xuanyin limbs
I'm going to die at 30.
Xiaoye, don't worry.
Grandpa will definitely find the body of Xuanyin for you
Master, calculate with me
I can find this person soon.
But now in my heart
I just want to find the murderer who hurt my parents
My parents were really killed by the Qin family
How did you suddenly crash?